All right. So in this lesson,
we covered quite a bit about operationalizing microservices,
we covered alerts and incident responses,
we covered disaster recovery,
we covered continuous integration pipelines,
we covered getopts, and then finally we talked about load testing.
These are all critical pieces for operationalizing your microservice,
and private being the final takeaway is that.
Again, with disaster recovery,
it's one of those things that is really something you should take very seriously.
It doesn't mean you need to dedicate all your time to disaster recovery,
but having seen this happen many times as an engineering manager.
If you don't plan for the worst-case scenario,
the worst-case scenario will be a situation that will potentially
completely devastate your department or your organization.
So when you plan ahead,
you can expect those bad things to happen.
Then as a result, you'll be able to gracefully handle any failure that comes your way.